the whole beach
just people the wisdom of bulgaria is
there is such a kind of sand
ashen color
Sea principle is clean
for the fact that such strong waves
a bit muddy but really
there is no water treatment
branches from other places along the waterfront
chase including varna
all lead
someone
started the vector of the place here by this too
addresses rides have such purity Sonoma
the beach here is like children say so
in the sense that there is no huge
the number of personnel whose medicine
offers
there are umbrellas loungers
files massages of all such things
there are no people just pass by themselves
lights up inhales
and the town itself is beautiful
I am autoly
place it on
me Soviet times
farther
leave
she need now
bathe
skydiver
here
every day is considered
sand is such an epic here its when so
do he black someone light black
golden sands and we were there sand
golden but they say that the sand is there by
at least as they said that it delivers
I know I know where it comes from
affairs and truth be told there beautiful
a piece of pure really golden we
do what friends while it's all watching
tula review
we are in the city of burgas bulgaria
moving to hollywood sunny
california